.TH EEPGET 1 "November 27, 2021" "" "I2P"

.SH NAME
Eepget \- I2P downloader

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eepget
.RI [ options ] URL
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
Download a file non-interactively via HTTP. Transfers through both I2P and the
regular Internet are supported.
.P
Eepget is able to cope with slow or unstable network connections; if a download
is not successful because of a network problem, it will keep retrying until the
whole file has been retrieved (if the -n option is set).  If supported by
the remote server, eepget will instruct the server to continue the download
from the point of interruption.

.SH OPTIONS
.B
\fB\-c\fR
.TP
Clearnet. Do not use a proxy. Same as \fB\-p\fR :0 .
.TP

.B
\fB\-e\fR etag
.TP
Sets the etag value in the request headers.
.TP

.B
\fB\-h\fR name=value
.TP
Adds an arbitrary request header with the given name and value.
.TP

.B
\fB\-l\fR lineLen
.TP
Controls the progress display. \fB\ lineLen \fP is the length of one progress line in characters. The default is 40.
.TP

.B
\fB\-m\fR markSize
.TP
Controls the progress display. \fB\ markSize \fP is the number of bytes one '#' character represents. The default is 1024.
.TP

.B
\fB\-n\fR retries
.TP
Specify the number of times to retry downloading if the download isn't successful. If this option is not specified, eepget will not retry.
.TP

.B
\fB\-o\fR file
.TP
Sets the output file to write to. If this option is not given, the output filename will be determined by the URL.
.TP

.B
\fB\-p\fR proxy_host[:port]
.TP
Specify an I2P proxy server (eeproxy) to use. If the port is not specified, eepget will use 4444. If this option is not specified, eepget will use 127.0.0.1:4444. Specify \fB\-c\fR or \fB\-p\fR :0 to disable the eeproxy.
.TP

.B
\fB\-t\fR seconds
.TP
Sets the inactivity timeout. The default is 60 seconds.
.TP

.B
\fB\-u\fR username
.TP
Sets the username for proxy authorization, if required.
.TP

.B
\fB\-x\fR password
.TP
Sets the password for proxy authorization, if required. If a username is specified but not a password, EepGet will prompt for the password.

.SH "EXIT STATUS"

.B eepget
exits with status zero upon successful transfer and non-zero if there were problems with the download.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Please enter an issue on
.UR https://i2pgit.org/i2p-hackers/i2p.i2p/-/issues
the I2P GitLab server
.UE .

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR i2prouter (1)
.BR curl (1)
.BR wget (1)

